and the funniest part of him trying to
like go back to the book yeah you know
what that means
more people sending me their shitty
shitty robot ideas that I have to
publicly shame you for
[Music]
last time I took your robot ideas and I
actually built them not because they
were good but because they were so
excruciatingly ly bad that it's good now
you they were bad and cyberbully you so
hard no one else on ever want to post a
robot thank you for my video again maybe
it's not clear to some of you because
you posted 40,000 robot ideas on that
video let's take a look at some of them
make a door that moans when you open it
that's C I get it's funny because it
moans you deserve the death sentence
doink EAD 3 says build a robot why do I
kind of want to see that haters you
every time your heart beats just because
you put a kiss on something it doesn't
make it to an interesting rope are you
gonna play except for like when I do it
then effects yeah it's gonna stick and
cool and awesome and say how if its cam
says build a robot that wakes you up if
you don't wake up by a certain time that
is a [__] alarm clock Darren are says
build a desk that that tases you every
few seconds and see it's funny cuz
another Taser in it you know what okay
I'll build the chasers I'll show you how
to before the first step to building a
tasing rampion obviously the years this
is just like a cheap one I got turn off
and aha I party bill today you also hate
the name I walked in on this short of
here's the thing about living with
Michael Reese every time you walk you to
his room it just looks like a torture
chamber and you can't tell whether it's
like a personal King kabhi or like I'm
working you know it's like are you
really cuz you know put your hands or
any other part of your body near your
desk boy have I got the thing for you
it's a zur dance so tasted a sleek
aluminum design makes it to any hole
home or apartment the design is so
literally unusable onyx that make Taser
desk work including a micro controller
relays and you guessed it 13 tasers hot
glued to each other I don't know how I
got here please look at how much this
customer liked it hey Finn you want to
help me test out something just come
upstairs now come on subscriber you know
what else is really sad like this no one
drinks from this it just exists in our
home these red cups are used for water
it's like we're unintentionally faking
being a frat house but we're also just
not you know something a subscriber
suggested to me so I just like built it
just have a seat no so this is a new
type of guest and interesting times put
your arms on them so just put your arms
on the desk fine right see how it's fine
nothing's happening yet just don't worry
just read it like gets chased but then
he like tries to touch the book again
like the book is like a safe space and
the funniest part of him trying to like
go back to the book really cool really
interesting inventions hey Darrin are
I'm trying real hard not feeling real
hard to make this an interesting
investment but it's just not it's not
gonna fly now I'm at the end of my
[__] wit here now
but if I ever see when my [__]
conversation again I swear to god
they're my parents brought me as a child
you [__] understand me do you
understand get your taser desperately
easy payments of whatever the [__] you
want to pay for it I don't want it in my
house anymore let's just go to the next
one me me then says build a chair that
kicks you off of it as soon as it senses
you sit down huh hey guys what's up hey
could I borrow that I think you're using
this no okay cool are you using that
thank you we got your we got - we got
pipe we got metal we got solenoids and
we got Chinese pistons big enough to
kill me if I'm not careful with us I am
Iron Man
Jim piston connect them use caveman
brain to bend metal in circle spend 15
minutes bending the metal in a place
that's just the beginning
but you got this right past Michael
Cheers then congratulations you need to
do all that [__] three more times or it
won't work
Thank You conga phone shitty [__]
evil
and by being bought a boom you got
yourself a piston chair but we said
three more times but it was only one oh
hell yeah just kind of falls over but
that's all you know Michael I was like
hey if you want you can like test out my
chair thingy and I was like okay but
then he finished it at like 1:00 a.m.
and I was like
yeah actually I think even yeah I think
you finished in like two or three and
Lord knows I'm not awake at two or three
you know but how does it work I'm in bed
by Ted I don't [__] know man I hear
something okay midnight thank you this
now don't worry about it well you should
be worried about is how we're gonna
detect when someone sits on the chair I
was thinking a weight sensor at first
but then I realized that's a bad idea
when I forgot to buy it so now I'm kind
of freaking out trying to make this work
but while I was spurting out I was
[__] with this little package of
mints and I realized if you apply
pressure the two sides touch but if you
take it away they return to their
original shape kind of like a button so
if we just added electrical contacts to
both sides we could detect when someone
is sitting on the chair now obviously
this is too small we need a much larger
quantity of plastic ohai plastic trash
can by plastic trash can here is my
homemade pressure sensor which is really
just a piece of trash can plastic and
some tinfoil but hey it works as a
button and it detects when I sit on it
so I don't care oh sorry I'm gonna check
that we get a replacement agree and bam
a chair you can't [__] sit on twelve
hours making this fun on it why why do I
make these silly you want to try sit in
my chair sit in my chair
now sit in my chair come sit Mikey come
sit my kid move on buddy it's me it's
your best buddy Michael you want to try
out a quirky new invention I have come
with me buddy I want to see if I can see
the time on top working what time was
that for me to be so tossed out let's go
let's try working to invention come on
buddy
who's your eyes [__] with me [__] with
me it's my new invention
I'm not invention guy this is something
one of my viewers suggested that I build
and I built it for them have a seat in
my electric in my pneumatic chair you
know I like them so much that I'd built
a robot just to help me look at more of
your ideas
I built it just on people who feel the
need to leave your city really really
good really awesome robot ideas in my
[__] comments I should come here come
take a look at it here's the Python code
they control my ideal machine
it looks through my Twitter for robot
ideas that you guys have sent me let's
test it up by tweeting something like oh
I don't know
give me a robot ideas because I love
them so so so so much it's been a couple
minutes since I sent that tweet so let's
start up the software now the program is
looking through Twitter for your juicy
juicy robot ideas to send to the idea
machine
and oh it sounds like a top line let's
go check it out let's go check out the I
Jesus Christ that shirt is frightening
and oh it sounds like it got one let's
go check it out let's go check out the
idea printer now the idea printer is
gonna print out a perfect replica of one
of your ideas it's just gonna take a
second and finally it'll print it onto
the idea conveyor belt for me to admire
and appreciate ah make a robot that
poops cereal that's tricky
oh no what is it what's going on oh it's
going into the idea shredder Oh No
that's what's gonna happen to all your
ideas if that oh no the idea shredder
how could I have forgot about the idea
shredder that means he's not gonna stop
until all the robot ideas there's
another one a robot that whenever you
scream the lyrics to the Vegemite song
it brings you Vegemite that is so quirky
and funny I hope it doesn't get preggers
oh no oh there goes any idea shredder
that is such a shame remember to like
and subscribe and comment something that
isn't a shitty robot idea on my video
goodbye have you ever wanted to buy a
bunch of cheap Chinese electronics or a
big metal piston or you know like some
like some normal people [__] well today
so honey can help you out for those of
you don't know honey is a free online Oh
I use his code or whatever the [__] okay
go click his link give him money
[Music]
[Applause]